a scene repeated many times in Gaza
where more than 40,000 Palestinians have
been killed the bodies of the Dead are
taken from alaka hospital for burial
after Israeli attacks in
their the world is upside down say these
parents as the old continue to bury the
young people decided to return to their
homes in Gaza the Israeli Army saw them
walking on the street and executed them
parents say emotionally the smallest
scoffins we the heaviest as increasing
numbers of children are killed in this
war I'm sitting on the rubble of my
house and the remains of my children
says this father the 70-year-old has
lost several family members at his home
in
B we were at the school the whole family
when they began to hit schools the
children and my grandchildren came to
the house to sleep I was sleeping
outside just after midnight we heard a
sound and the school is near we looked
over from the school and it turned out
to be our house we came to what you see
here Rubble there are only body parts
left of some others are
injured the health Ministry says at
least 11 people were killed by Israeli
strikes here as the forces continue to
hit a number of neighborhoods in Central
and Southern Gaza hospitals schools
mosques churches everything has been
attacked all over the the besieged strip
and nowhere is
safe it's a vicious cycle for many
civilians who survive each night's
strikes wake up carry the dead pray and
then move once again people don't have
enough time to mourn as they receive
more Israeli orders to evacuate some
have been forced to move dozens of times
since
October Israeli tanks have also pushed
further in areas of Han yunus many here
say Israeli gunfire from several fronts
herded them towards this
area displacement costs us humiliation
and suffering we spend our time under
shells and gunfire and moving from one
area to another and we see no benefit in
the
negotiations with talks on a possible
ceasefire set to resume in Egypt from
the ruins of his house Abdul shami Huda
says he has one message for the world
it's enough have mercy
jaid
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer